c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\EmguTesseract.exe.config
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\EmguTesseract.exe
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\EmguTesseract.pdb
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\OpenTK.dll
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.dll
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\OpenTK.xml
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\OpenTK.GLControl.xml
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\obj\Debug\EmguTesseract.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\obj\Debug\EmguTesseract.Form1.resources
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\obj\Debug\EmguTesseract.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\obj\Debug\EmguTesseract.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\obj\Debug\EmguTesseract.exe
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\obj\Debug\EmguTesseract.pdb
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Tesseract.dll
c:\users\yangyiru\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\Tesseract.xml
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\x86\liblept172.dll
C:\Users\yangyiru\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\EmguTesseract\EmguTesseract\bin\Debug\x86\libtesseract304.dll
